hey guys what's going on sagacious here
with a destiny gameplay playing the
playlist Rumble what it is is free for
all and the reason why I'm playing this
and why I enjoy this and consider this a
playlist that I have the most fun in is
because I don't have to rely on
teammates man you do not know how many
times I started screaming turned off my
xbox pretty much rage quit because I get
paired up with guys or gals that don't
know what they're doing for example in
control people that just sit and camp
flags with the Shaka but doesn't win you
games controls all about getting the
kills while holding down the flags if
you have them if you don't have them you
can still win by out slang your opponent
so don't know where everyone gets us in
their head that oh we got to hold the
flags and just sit inside no that's not
what you do it doesn't matter at all in
clash where you get the guys that have
no thumbs and can't put up the kills or
match kills
so this is why I play this because it's
just based off myself if I lose it's my
fault so far haven't lost because I'm
playing pretty nerdy I am just using my
shotgun and I'm abusing the shotgun
melee combo if you guys don't know what
that is what that is is say if I don't
get a one shot kill with my shotgun I
immediately press my lunch button which
is my right analog stick which lunges me
to the person and I get the knife kill
all right I do i'm using the button
layout bumper jumper jumper I forget
what it's called but i'm pretty sure it
makes that easier to do cuz my hands
already on there I'm not moving my hand
off of it because I don't have a scuff
so if you guys well obviously from
watching this video you guys will see
what I'm talking about if you guys don't
know what it is already pretty much it's
overpowered and it's pretty new be but
you know what it works and I'm winning
because of it so I'm not changing it uh
that's for my overall thoughts about the
game as a shooter I really enjoy it
there's not really many games out there
like it the way you move and get in
battles it's pretty different pretty
unique that's why I enjoy it too um
because it's something I not like the
norm
what I also like as well is how everyone
has a different different weapons i
should say in a journal sense it's like
the same type of classes auto rifle
scout rifle so on and so forth pretty
much what you see but i like how it
brings in a variety from what you earn
in the game or what you get from an game
bonus or killing a boss or something you
get to carry that over now the only
problem i can see with that is for a
competitive aspect if they try to bring
in tournaments or something everyone has
different stuff and not everyone will
have the same type of stuff but i don't
think that's their plan with this game i
think this is supposed to be a game that
you can play no matter how old it is
because there's always going to have new
and new features and new missions to do
and pretty much it's never going to make
it utilizes your full dollar worth that
you bought the game for whether it was
being sixty dollars or ninety dollars
for buying expansion a bundle I just
find this to be a game that it's going
to keep on going to where you can always
play it just like how water lines keeps
their games relevant for having
countless updates and DLC with new
missions and new events that you can
play in I sort of feel that's what
they're going to do on here they just
put in multiplayer system where you can
match other players and play against
them for the competitive community which
is cool now for my only downside and
critique moments of the game I don't
like how you how I hit the max rank so
fast I had a little 20 within pretty
much to two days three days of playing I
know you can get higher than that from a
firing armor with the light attribute
and that will help you go past 20 but
one of the features that they have added
into the game that will always keep you
playing it now other than that I really
can't think of anything off the top of
the head that I really didn't like about
the game where I didn't enjoy it's one
of those games like I said I'm going to
be playing it until the master chief
collection comes out which chef I
appreciate that a lot because my
28-pound paperweight is finally being
put into use if you don't catch the
little joke I put in there it was my
xbox one I got the day one edition and I
haven't used it ever since the first one
that came out because there's really
been nothing worth playing and i'm happy
i'm actually getting to use my system
and play it it's nice using it it's a
great system it just didn't have many
games to play on it um
so other than that guys that's pretty
much hit with this gameplay if you enjoy
watching destiny videos please leave us
a comment telling us if you would like
to see more or a certain type of series
on definitely or more gameplay footage
from other people if not myself and stay
tuned for this channel because we're
going to have some giveaways coming out
soon so that's something to look forward
to other than that guy's arm out till
next time friends keep stacking